By Anthony G. Attrino | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com
While skies are clearing Thursday morning after a disastrous night of heavy rainfall that caused massive flooding that left at least nine people dead in New Jersey, the threat of more flooding remains as residents brace for multiple rivers to crest above major flood stage.

The National Weather Service in Mount Holly also said they suspected at least three tornadoes touched down in New Jersey with one already confirmed in Mullica Hill in Gloucester County that damaged about 100 homes, including 20 that were destroyed, and sent two people to the hospital. At least 17 people have died in New York and New York as a result of the devastating rainfall.


Early numbers show the heaviest rain fell in northern New Jersey, with 8 to 10 inches of rain in a short period last night in parts of Bergen, Passaic and Essex counties, according to Nick Carr, a meteorologist with the weather service. Some areas in New Jersey have topped 11 inches in the past 48 hours.

More than 9 inches of rain was reported in southern Hunterdon County and communities in Somerset County have reported over 8 inches, Carr said.

N.J. weather: Deadly flooding
A tractor-trailer is submerged on Route 206 in Raritan on Thursday morning from massive flooding.Ed Murray | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com

Carteret in Middlesex County saw 9.23 inches of rain, Hopewell in Mercer County recorded 9.02 inches and Sussex borough in Sussex County recorded 10.14 inches, according to preliminary numbers from the weather service. Those totals could climb as updates come in.


“Most of it fell in only a few hours – two to four hours. It was all late afternoon and yesterday evening,” Carr said. “That’s a big component of the problem, when you have all that rain in less than six hours you can have a lot of problems.”

Flooding, especially in Central and North Jersey, could get worse later Thursday and into Friday, according to Alex Staarmann, meteorologist for the weather service in Mount Holly. Gov. Phil Murphy declared a state emergency Wednesday.

“There’s quite a bit of pretty significant and historical flooding across the area,” Staarmann said early Thursday.

The Raritan River, Delaware River near Washington Crossing and Trenton were at near or major flood levels, as were nearly all rivers in the northern half of the state, Staarmann said. Some rivers could crest at all-time, historic highs Thursday according to modeling.

“Major flooding does imply not only flooding of roadways but flooding that can damage structures as well,” Carr said.



The weather service also suspects at least three tornados touched down near Trenton and points south.

“Things were more active further south, although some did appear to make it up north of Trenton,” said Jonathan O’Brien, another weather service meteorologist.

O’Brien said the weather service confirmed a tornado touched down near Mullica Hill. Video posted online of another tornado at the Burlington-Bristol Bridge may have been the same one.

Thank you for relying on us to provide the journalism you can trust. Please consider supporting NJ.com with a subscription.