When I walk through the streets of San Francisco's business districts, white people stare at me as if I were a circus clown. Their staring eyes don't see that I get  _  A's in school, or that I am a captain of the football team, or that I belong to  _  youth organizations. All they see is that I am 6-foot-4, young, black, and male---a potential  _  to them. White men look at me as if I am up to no good, or as if they are  _  to me. White women just look at me with  _  , say, sometimes they cross the street when they see my friends and me coming, or walk in the street and only get back on the sidewalk after we  _  . Many people come to San Francisco to get away from the stereotypes of the cities they were born and  _  in. The majority of the blacks and Latinos who live in this city don't have that luxury. How can you feel at home when people are  _  telling you to get back to Africa or Mexico ----or just back to "where you belong"? My way of dealing with this kind of thing has  _  over the years. In the past, when my friends and I would walk the streets and a hundred pairs of white eyes would look at me as if we were the lowest form of dirt, it would make us angry enough to hurt or  _  them. Now I'm more likely to use  _  to defend myself against those eyes. To women who clutch their purse in terror, I'll say, "Man, I ain't gonna do anything to you, I got money in my pocket!" My cousin has even started wearing a T-shirt  _  in big letters, "NO, WHITE LADY, I DON'T' WANT YOUR PURSE." The most painful thing is when we get those  _  stares from black people, especially elderly ones. I want o say to them, "We're black, too. Why would we do something to you?" Usually I react more  _  to all of this than a lot of my friends do. Some of them, so brainwashed, just think it's part of life and that there is nothing you can do. But for me, that's not good enough. I just can't stand it when every day a hundred pair of eyes tell you you're not  _  .

Once upon a time there lived a poor man named Malcolm who hunted for his food. One warm spring day, Malcolm had been  _  for many hours, and he was hot and tired and hungry. He hadn't  _  even a mouse. When he came upon a big tree, he sat down under its  _  to rest. Suddenly he found a big ostrich egg beside the tree. He  picked up  the egg and carried it back to his hut . The egg was so white and round, pure and beautiful that he couldn't  _  eating it. So he put the egg on the table and went to sleep. The next morning when he woke up, he was  _  to find bread and soup on his table. He was so hungry, so he tore off a piece and ate it. "I've never  _  anything so delicious," he said aloud. Then he heard a voice answer, "It's bread and soup I've made for you." He turned to find a beautiful woman standing beside the ostrich egg,  _  was cracked wide open. "Malcolm, you are a kind and generous man, and I will make you  _  for the rest of your life.  _  me and I will always make delicious food for you." "How can this be? An ostrich egg's  _  cannot speak or cook or marry me," he said. "I will make you happy, Malcolm," she said, "You must  _  only this: you will never call me the daughter of an ostrich egg." "I promise," Malcolm said. And so they got married. For many years they lived  _  great happiness. His wife brought him  _  , goats and made him a chief. But one day, Malcolm got so  _  that he was not  _  with what he had. He quarreled with his  _  . He said his wife was the daughter of an ostrich egg... And  in a flash  he was alone again, living in his hut,  _  his old clothes. There were no cattle, no goats and no wife. He understood that he had been  _  to let greed and anger get the better of him and to break his promise to his wife.

In 1977, a dead author of detective stories saved the life of a 19-month-old baby in a most unusual way. The author was Agatha Christie, one of the most successful writers of detective stories in the world. In June 1977, a baby girl became seriously ill in Qatar, near Saudi Arabia. Doctors were unable to  _  the cause of her illness, so she  was flown  to London and admitted to Hammersmith Hospital, where specialist help was  _  . She was then only half-conscious and on the "Dangerously Ill" list. A team of doctors hurried to  examine  the baby only to discover that they,  _  , were puzzled by the very unusual symptoms. While they were discussing the baby's case, a nurse asked to  _  to them. "Excuse me," said nurse Marsha Maitland, "  _  I think the baby is  _  from thallium poisoning." "  _  makes you think that?" Dr. Brown asked. "Thallium poisoning is extremely  _  ." "A few days ago, I was reading a novel called  _  Agatha Christie," Nurse Maitland explained. "In the book, somebody uses thallium poison, and  all  the symptoms are  _  . They are exactly the same as the baby's." "You're very observant and you may be right," another doctor said. "We'll  carry out  some tests and find out  _  it's thallium or not." The  _  showed that the baby had  _  been poisoned by thallium, a rare metal used in making optical glass.  Once  they knew the cause of illness, the doctors were able to give the correct treatment. The baby soon  recovered  and was sent back to Qatar. Inquiries showed that the poison  might have come  from an insecticide used in Qatar.

